backcountry
People are lazy
The local magistrate must not be able to catch oil and water
There is a high probability that he will be a corrupt official
Before the game
It can be bribed with a lot of money
If there is limited assistance
This game gets twice the result with half the effort
Yezi Hugh is talking nonsense
Your Majesty Yezi said the wrong thing without cover
Your Majesty, forgive me.
Don't say it's hypothetical
Even in the backcountry of Daqian
It has been so far
Is this corrupt official still few?
Lamb, continue to speak
After bribing the county magistrate
You wait to see Min Huang Lightning
Big power
So plug in the private one.
Forbidden to dig for gold
Still violates the law of power
What crime
Oops, not us.
We didn't find any gold at all.
And this is a great injustice
Not you who is that
It's been spread in the gold mines
Do you think this official is deaf?
Kill the gold immediately
Otherwise kill without mercy
Sir, I know who it is
It's the gold he dug
He deserved to die.
It has nothing to do with us.
What nonsense are you talking about?
You bastard, you are talking nonsense
People are jealous
Most people can't see how others are doing
Must report each other
Free without a penny
Wait for the people to open up the famine
The silver dug up has to be returned
This plan is so toxic
first bribe restraining order
Reuse human evil
Get back the gold you buried before
Although the Dai people have some of this plan
But it does with minimal labor costs
Did the most efficient land reclamation
world
It's my son
Huilu County Magistrate, this is bound to cost a lot
The most common people can do is to return the gold
But with my life
Is it really worth it?
Cui Zhuangyuan
Are there still few things about the combination of officials and businesspeople in this world?
Who's going to pay a heavy bribe as soon as they go up?
corrupt official
Go for a walk in the world and you will know
And it goes beyond that.
If I say this gold is gold on the outside
Is there copper in it?